Add an article with minimal examples (#527)
tidymodels/parsnip: vignettes/articles/Examples.Rmd

---
title: "Fitting and Predicting with parsnip"
vignette: >
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{Fitting and Predicting with parsnip}
output:
  knitr:::html_vignette
---

```{r startup, include = FALSE}
library(utils)
library(ggplot2)
theme_set(theme_bw())
```

> This is a collection of examples for fitting and predicting with various models and engines. 
> 
> Model/engine combinations which can be used for different modes have an example each. For regression, we use the Chicago ridership data. For classification, we use an artificial dataset for a binary example and the Palmer penguins data for a multi-class example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples show how to *fit* and *predict* with different combinations of model, mode, and engine. As a reminder, in parsnip, 

- the **model type** differentiates basic modeling approaches, such as random forests, logistic regression, linear support vector machines, etc.,

- the **mode** denotes in what kind of modeling context it will be used (most commonly, classification or regression), and

- the computational **engine** indicates how the model is fit, such as with a specific R package implementation or even methods outside of R like Keras or Stan.

The following examples use consistent data sets throughout. For regression, we use the Chicago ridership data. For classification, we use an artificial data set for a binary example and the Palmer penguins data for a multiclass example.
```
